# RobotDevelopment-ThroughMazz
RobotDevelopment-ThroughMazz, lesson project

In the rough design ideas, the steering action to 90 degrees right angle as a rotation angle. Straight along the wall using PID control along the wall distance d, in order to ensure the adjustment process is fast and accurate, look forward to straight along the wall to eliminate the maze in the cumulative error caused by the turn, so in the short-term along the wall process, Good effect, quickly and accurately adjust the robot's position, keep the distance along the wall.
Since the distance measured by the infrared sensor is not the distance from the right side wall, the distance between the right side wall is d1, the angle between the infrared sensor angle and the normal angle of the wall is θ, d1 = d * cosθ, the positive and negative control function is not symmetrical , Especially when the robot faces a larger angle to the wall. This is easy to cause d greater than the set value, the robot is more sensitive, the control is very large, d is less than the set value, the robot is relatively slow. However, during the actual operation, the PID control effect is better, the angle between the robot and the wall is stably maintained at a small angle, and the output of the positive and negative control is almost symmetrical, and the simple PID has been able to achieve better results , So there is no algorithm for setting the two cases separately. If the maze of terrain has changed, or if you want to improve the algorithm applied to other situations, it may be necessary to improve the robustness in this place.

In the labyrinth part, we did the hardware design and software design work in two parts.
The hardware part of the work includes the choice of sensors, top design, wiring design, sensor modification (collision sensor line) and according to the problem in the robot shape to make innovative changes.
The work of the software part includes the general idea, the concrete algorithm realization, the data processing parameter computation, the algorithm process refinement, the improvement and so on.
